oh great Cory's house again we've Jamie
are you working again we're gonna send
this to your daddy again you want to say
hi to your daddy he'll sit and he'll see
it Greg you got suckered in your
swearing again on camera why do you keep
filming me person it's a go yes she was
sitting there and it's done why they are
over there working on the house I came
home to make Monday's video for Shiloh
and Shelby we made frozen beef cubes
you're not frozen yet so you want to see
how to make them you have to watch the
video on our main channel tomorrow it'll
be up tomorrow at 3 p.m. Eastern
hopefully it'll make it so you girls
aren't so hot it's like 90 degrees today
alright now we got to put them in a
freezer are we done for the day
yeah where we going now where are we
going swimming we're going swimming at
the beach
cuz it's thinking hot yep thinking huh
it's thinking huh we just wait for your
momma and for Jamie yep you're locking
up the house we got this dog with that
better dog we got Jamie we got me we're
going swimming because it's hot
now we happy wet dog heavy wet Jamie
head with me and happy wet shiloh was
not so happy about being wet hook
Shelby's cleaning herself
just like he can't just get herself
clean now
silly girl free here she comes
she's finally using that Jeep what it's
meant for for what it's meant for but
don't move yet
you make my video is shaky and we zoomed
in
Cory has never taken her Jeep off-road
so we brought her out here to a little
road we know it's pretty rocky rocks
going over some rocks
anyway as we were saying he brought her
out here to try out he was a jeep for
what it's meant for you got too tired
put wet puppies in the back
having a good time find it and go look
food weekend is almost over
hey if you see my side some buns dogs
are happy cuz they're cool and I got
them brushed out Jamie's picking weeds
we are done for the weekend back to work
tomorrow no fun yeah yeah back to work
tomorrow no fun don't eat the food off
the grill it's hot bye you guys are we
gonna be able to find our way back
let's get loud
look